 
You know I saw Philip Glass play one time.This girl and I got tickets for it as our christmas present to each other one year. We were young and in love. We were living together, 
we had made love, we had fucked, but listening to music was probably one of the most intimate things we ever shared. We would just lie in bed listening to whatever. I remember the time
she had keenly observed how obsessed Jay-z was with cheddah over the course of the blueprint, and how maniacally we laughed about it. Music, the invisble state of matter that permeates 
all the things we know to be true but cannot touch.  When I was in Hunter college studying sculpture, I took a class called video for artists. One of the assignments was to create a video with our own original sound. Now I had
never really thought about sound. At the time I felt that there was no video I could produce that would need anything more than a track from Moby's Play album or Radiohead's 
Kid A album. This assignment was problematic.  It was 2001 and I had never even heard of a 4 track. I remember standing there
astonished as a sales associate at Sam Ash explained how it worked. I could record whatever I wanted he said, rewind the tape, and record on another track, and then play both
recordings at the same time! I was floored. I was sold! So I took one home, along with an rca splitter that would allow me to send music from my precious hi-tec cd
walkman straight through any of the activated tracks. The results were horrifyingly bad. Till this day I am not quite sure if the dark, brooding and disjointed themes of my videos 
were caused by my urban isolation and homesickness or if it was simply to fit the rythmless, interminable and structureless results of layering film scores with electronic music samples. 
The thing of it is, even back then all those years ago, I never thought the stuff I was making was great or good or even music for that matter. At no point  
was I ever gripped by the mid creation megalomania of thinking that I was going to go platinum. It was just absolutely and undeniably fun. It was a creative outlet that was free from the
pressures of the late stages of my B.A. degree in sculpture. Creating them would become easier with computers later on, but  the idea would be the same. Get as close to creating music 
as I could.  No musical theory to bow to No music lessons or books to open and review. No pressures, no significant practical reason for the exercise at all. Now I have a bachelor's degree
in art right? Had I not spent my  college years doing exactly that? Not exactly. You see at some point I figured out how to draw. After I 
figured out how to draw,  I read about it. After I read about it, I went to school for it. And in school I fell in line with people who believed that what we draw or carve or paint or record 
should have an agenda should mean something (How else were you going to market yourself as a viable artist?). And when things have an agenda, what you do in the name of that agenda 
have a purpose. I grew to feel that for all the creative freedom that school was teaching, there was after all people who presided over that privilage. There were judges to how and why you went about
the business of all the things we cannot touch and I realized that I was a willing party, and unwitting believer in this artifice. My father was right.  If you choose to study art in school, someday 
he said you will feel the tremendous pressure of having to do what you love to do really really well, because the rest of your life
will depend on it. And I did not handle that pressure well. It was suffocating. And the floating feeling I had sitting around piecing little audio files together was nowhere to be found, in my 
chosen career kamikaze path. I have to say that I do not get to play with music enough, enough to where it may actually be musical but it became therapeutic in my careerless downward spiral. 
It would be a respite from a floundering relationship. Oh and for the short time I lived in a place where smoking was allowed in the kitchen, forget about it. It was a great escape.
And after I had resigned to the idea  that I would either have a high pressure career in Emergency Medical Services or a pride swallowing servile deskjob in Hospitality Management (two jobs that I 
was juggling in my early thirties after I had stopped making art), it was this exercise that reminded me that I was still creative after all and that maybe just maybe the rest of my life would not have to be
so uncreative. I love music. I hope one day I find the time to learn how to play an instrument. Understand its language and maybe even make music. But for now all I have is a few of these audio files. 
I hope you listen to them. I hope you smile.  

 
 

  

